# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via
    #   fastapi-crons
    #   instructor
    #   litellm
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
aiosqlite==0.21.0
    # via fastapi-crons
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.55.0
    # via
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   portia-sdk-python
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   browserbase
    #   google-genai
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-redis
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backoff==2.2.1
    # via posthog
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via markdownify
boto3==1.40.16
    # via
    #   langchain-aws
    #   portia-sdk-python
botocore==1.40.16
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
browser-use==0.1.40
    # via portia-sdk-python
browserbase==1.4.0
    # via portia-sdk-python
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-redis
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   portia-sdk-python
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   loguru
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
    #   uvicorn
croniter==6.0.0
    # via fastapi-crons
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via langchain-anthropic
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via instructor
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   browserbase
    #   openai
    #   posthog
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   pymongo
docker==7.1.0
    # via testcontainers
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via instructor
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
eval-type-backport==0.2.2
    # via mistralai
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via
    #   tayend (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi-crons
fastapi-cli==0.0.8
    # via fastapi
fastapi-cloud-cli==0.1.5
    # via fastapi-cli
fastapi-crons==2.0.1
    # via tayend (pyproject.toml)
filelock==3.19.1
    # via huggingface-hub
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via huggingface-hub
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.18
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-api-core==2.25.1
    # via google-ai-generativelanguage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-genai
google-genai==1.31.0
    # via portia-sdk-python
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via
    #   playwright
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.74.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-redis
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   browser-use
    #   browserbase
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   mcp
    #   mistralai
    #   ollama
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   mcp
huggingface-hub==0.34.4
    # via tokenizers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via litellm
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
instructor==1.10.0
    # via portia-sdk-python
invoke==2.2.0
    # via mistralai
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   instructor
    #   langchain-redis
    #   litellm
    #   portia-sdk-python
jiter==0.10.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   instructor
    #   openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-ng==1.7.0
    # via redisvl
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonref==1.1.0
    # via portia-sdk-python
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   mcp
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.3.27
    # via portia-sdk-python
langchain-anthropic==0.3.3
    # via
    #   browser-use
    #   portia-sdk-python
langchain-aws==0.2.31
    # via portia-sdk-python
langchain-core==0.3.74
    # via
    #   browser-use
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-redis
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   portia-sdk-python
langchain-google-genai==2.1.9
    # via portia-sdk-python
langchain-mistralai==0.2.11
    # via portia-sdk-python
langchain-ollama==0.2.2
    # via
    #   browser-use
    #   portia-sdk-python
langchain-openai==0.3.1
    # via
    #   browser-use
    #   portia-sdk-python
langchain-redis==0.2.3
    # via portia-sdk-python
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.9
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.2.76
    # via portia-sdk-python
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.1
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.74
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.45
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   portia-sdk-python
litellm==1.75.3
    # via portia-sdk-python
loguru==0.7.3
    # via portia-sdk-python
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markdownify==0.14.1
    # via browser-use
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mcp==1.13.1
    # via portia-sdk-python
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistralai==1.9.7
    # via portia-sdk-python
ml-dtypes==0.5.3
    # via redisvl
mongoengine==0.29.1
    # via tayend (pyproject.toml)
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   langchain-aws
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   redisvl
ollama==0.5.3
    # via langchain-ollama
openai==1.98.0
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   langchain-openai
    #   litellm
    #   portia-sdk-python
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via portia-sdk-python
orjson==3.11.2
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pytest
pandas==2.3.2
    # via portia-sdk-python
playwright==1.54.0
    # via
    #   browser-use
    #   portia-sdk-python
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
portia-sdk-python==0.7.2
    # via tayend (pyproject.toml)
posthog==6.6.1
    # via
    #   browser-use
    #   portia-sdk-python
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==6.32.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   browser-use
    #   browserbase
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   fastapi-crons
    #   google-genai
    #   instructor
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   mcp
    #   mistralai
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   portia-sdk-python
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   redisvl
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via mcp
pyee==13.0.0
    # via playwright
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via redis
pymongo==4.14.1
    # via
    #   tayend (pyproject.toml)
    #   mongoengine
pytest==8.4.1
    # via pytest-mock
pytest-mock==3.14.1
    # via portia-sdk-python
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   mistralai
    #   pandas
    #   posthog
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   browser-use
    #   litellm
    #   portia-sdk-python
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   testcontainers
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
python-ulid==3.1.0
    # via
    #   langchain-redis
    #   redisvl
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   pandas
# pywin32
    # via
    #   docker
    #   mcp
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   mistralai
    #   redisvl
    #   uvicorn
redis==5.3.1
    # via
    #   fastapi-crons
    #   portia-sdk-python
    #   redisvl
    #   testcontainers
redisvl==0.8.1
    # via langchain-redis
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2025.7.34
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   browser-use
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-genai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   instructor
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   posthog
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   fastapi-crons
    #   instructor
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
rich-toolkit==0.15.0
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
rignore==0.6.4
    # via fastapi-cloud-cli
rpds-py==0.27.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.13.1
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==2.35.0
    # via fastapi-cloud-cli
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via browser-use
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   markdownify
    #   posthog
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   browserbase
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via langchain
sse-starlette==3.0.2
    # via
    #   tayend (pyproject.toml)
    #   mcp
starlette==0.47.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   instructor
    #   langchain-core
    #   redisvl
testcontainers==4.12.0
    # via portia-sdk-python
tiktoken==0.11.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   litellm
tokenizers==0.21.4
    # via
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   litellm
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
typer==0.16.1
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   fastapi-crons
    #   instructor
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   aiosqlite
    #   anthropic
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   browserbase
    #   fastapi
    #   google-genai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-redis
    #   openai
    #   posthog
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   testcontainers
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   mistralai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   langchain-redis
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   testcontainers
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   mcp
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   uvicorn
win32-setctime==1.2.0
    # via loguru
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via testcontainers
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
